hey guys it's Tina welcome back to my
channel so today I'm showing you might
go to sell for when my twist I'll get
old and I still have a few more days to
go onto a wash day first thing I do is I
simply spritz my hair down with water
since my twist out is dry the water is
going to help moisturize my hair and
make it easy to work with my hair
already has a part down the middle from
how I would Elia today so using my
favorite water-based moisturizer i'm
using Shea Moisture schoo enhancing
smoothie I'm gonna smooth that through
my hair as well in addition to giving my
hair moisture it will give my dry twist
sunshine make sure to pay attention to
those dry fragile ends as well
next I apply some eco styler gel you
already know I'm very light handed with
gel but you can use as much as you like
to get your hair as smooth as you want
using a brutal brush smooth any krills
or kings out you can use a little bit
more gel if you need to but you want to
get it as smooth as you can and then
section into two side ponytails
once all smooth and secure it into your
ponytail then move on to the next side
and repeat all the steps again
to add even more moisture and shine go
ahead and stretch your ponytail and then
also add some Shea Moisture skull
enhancing smoothie then make small
sections and begin twisting I think I
ended up with about four to five twist
for each ponytail one way to ensure less
frizz when you undo your twist is to
make sure that you set them right so
when you're twisting make sure not to
borrow from any sections if you find
that one side is longer just 12 that
longer side around the shorter side
until it evens up and then you will not
have any freeze the next day when you
take down your twist
continue twisting on to all the hair and
the ponytail it's done and then move
over to the next section and do the same
thing all over again so spritz with
water moisturize with your your favorite
moisturizer and then twist until your
whole head is done we pull one twist for
one ear over to the next and secure this
will help stretch your twist that way
you have more William the following day
when you take your twist down continue
pinning your twists and alternating from
side to side if you do this really
neatly you can actually wear this as a
style out while your twists are setting
isn't that pretty I however will be
setting my twists overnight so I simply
put on my SATs and wrap and get ready
for bed
the following morning I take down the
set and map and proceeded to take down
the pins
saving my hair down from ear to ear like
I did helped me reduce shrinkage and
this is just a little tip that I learned
from watching natural 85 and then as
usual I use some horrible oil to take
down my twist and help reduce frizz
go ahead and separate your twist as much
as you like remembering that each time
you separated you increase your chances
of creating friends so I separated each
twist about three or four times and then
just flop out and try to create volume
you can use a pick to pick it out and
create even more volume and that's it
guys I promise you you will get tons of
compliments with this hairstyle so thank
you so much for watching you can follow
me on Twitter and Instagram at misty
1806 and if you missed my last video
click the link to check it out or
subscribe for my next as always guys
thank you so much for watching me and
Steve beautiful bye